Subject : Acha Chalta Hun Duao Mai Yaad Rakhna :) :)

As most of you know that it's my last working day here in TSYS.
While I’m excited about the new opportunity, there’s also a big part of me that’s sad to be saying goodbye. 
This decision was not an easy one and it took a lot of consideration.

First of all I want to say Thanks to my mentors : Atul G,Manish A, Teena M, Mayank S, Pallav J, Rikhil, Deepak
who have helped me in one or the other way to complete my 3 years of successful Journey in Netspend.
Though it was very less time I worked with Deepak, but it was good.

Writing this,
I want to use this opportunity to say a big THANKS to my friends and awesome team members :
Manish B, Karishma, Pratul, Narender S, Amit V, Swati S, Avijit, Ganesh, Mark, Kartik, Aditya, Roshan, Akhilesh,
Mayur G, Tanya J, Mayank H, Ajay D, Kritikay, Virendra, Himanshu M, Gunjan, Anu P, Kanika C, Vani, Manish V,Umang, Raja, Amit R,
Kunal J,Dharamveer.

With All of you, I have shared a unique camaraderie which I hope will continue in the years to come even though I shall not be here with the company.

Coming to the unforgettable experience that I had with my TSYS BAND members : Pallav, Shailesh, Arun, Ankit, Divya, Shayam JI:), Ashish, Vivek, Sushil, Shweta.
It was always a speechless experience doing "Jamming Sessions" with you guys in/out of the company ! :) Pallav has always been an inspiration for me!

Automation Team of Netspend is like a backbone of QA :
Thanks to Kuldeep, Raj K,Deepak B, Gaurav for always helping me understand/resolve concepts/roadblocks that I had during my tenure here.
you guys have created an awesome environment for whole Testing team as you always help everyone as your buddy.

I am sure that Netspend is in safe hands of 2 solid pillars : Rikhil & Asif !

I want keep a light on Manish Agal who has always been the Major part of my Techinal Journey here ! 
Moreover, HE always guided me in a very postive way personally and professionally.
As a manager, he is one of the best managers I have ever worked with ! 
Moreover, we should learn so many things from him like Leadership skills, Vocal Skills and how to keep ourselves calm even when we are at the verge of our project deadlines.

Pallav, needless to say No-one can compete with his maturity.

Solution architect Ganesh, Ajay D, Himanshu M always helps Dev(s)/QA(s) in every possible way they can! Thanks for mentoring !

TAW is something that we all have a very new experience as an organisation ! Awesome initiative !

I am confident that I will utilize the skills and experience that I gained here and I think Netspend's Payment is about to get over for me here.
Even though I will miss you all, here I am looking forward to this new challenge and to start a new phase of my career.

Keep in touch, you never know we might again end up being in same team and have fun together.

Email/FB   - himanshugupta244@yahoo.com
Ring          - 7838060230

Chandan hun mai apni khusbhoo chod k chala.............................................. :)

Thank you for everything! Miss you all! Stay connected. 

